------Other------------
7689035065
005ankitverma@gmail.com
www.reallygreatsite.com
Sanjay nagar , sector 23, Ghaziabad
C O N T A C T
S K I L L S
7 6 8 9 0 3 5 0 65
W O R K  E X P E R I E N C E
005ankitverma@gmail.com
FrameWorks: Spring MVC, Spring Boot , JPA Hibernate,
www.reallygreatsite.comHTML ,CSS , JavaScript-basic
Database-:   Sanjay nagar , secto
r 23, Ghaziabad
Others : Microservices -basic, MQTT protocols
Programming Languages: Core Java , J2EE, SQL
FrameWorks: Spring MVC, Spring Boot , JPA Hibernate,
Web Technologies:  HTML ,CSS , JavaScript-basic
Database-:   PostgreSQL and MySQL
Tools : Maven , Postman.Git
Others : Microservices -basic, MQTT protocols
c
Maharshi Dayanand Inter College
, Mau , Up    2015-16
Java Developer
Bachelor of Technology
2019-2023
Computer Science And Engineering
7.58 CGPA
Conducted comprehensive testing using JUnit, identifying and resolving issues
promptly to meet project requirements.
M aharshi D ay anand I nter Colle ge , Mau  , Up    2015- 16
Take ownership of production bug fixes and also  responsible for restructuring of
existing functionalities in the backend .
Solve 11 5+ Quest ions on  LEETCODE
Secure 489 rank in Job- A -Thon 2022
A . N . R .  S o f t ware Pvt Ltd.                                                            Sep 2022-Present.
eResturent
Work with MVC Architecture, writing modules from scratch and developing REST APIs. I am also involve in modifying business logic and managing position code-based migrations.
R e v a m p e d  t he codebase in existing application to improve maintainability and scalability. Cut down on bug resolution time by 35% and increased code reusability by 50%.
C o n d u c t e d  c o m prehensive testing using JUnit, identifying and resolving issues promptly to meet project requirements.
Achieved a 70-80% reduction in load by leveraging advanced data structures, Java Collections framework, and Redis for efficient caching and data management.
Take ownership of production bug fixes and also  responsible for restructuring of existing functionalities in the backend .
Applied various design patterns (e.g., Singleton) and advanced multithreading techniques to optimize application performance.
Optimised SQL queries and reduced respones time of critical AP
Is by 30%.
Create Controller to handle add student request and other
request .
Create three Package Controller ,Service and Repostiry .
I build this project using Spring Boot .
In this project we manage the Student ,Book and Transaction in DB.
Create Controller to handle add student request and other request .
Create three Package Controller ,Service and Repostiry .
Write unit test by using JUnit  and mock object using mockito .
Use multilpe annotation like @RestController , Autowired
Tech Stack -:
User send request using Postman Tool .
We also imporve performance this project using Redis .
We Secure Rest APIs by using Spring Security.

