------Other------------
SubAM
FULLSTACK DEVELOPER
OBJECTIVE
B.Tech graduate seeking a Fullstack Developer, MEAN Stack
Developer, or Software Engineer role. Possess strong expertise in
Angular 16+, Node.js, Python, OOP principles, JavaScript,
Bootstrap, HTML5, SCSS, MongoDB, and SQL. Excellent
communication skills with a keen ability to understand and deliver
on client requirements. A dedicated continuous learner, always
eager to adopt new technologies, strategies, and tools to stay ahead
in the ever-evolving tech landscape.

------Skills------------
NodeJs Angular16
OOPs programming Bootstrap
Python Javascript HTML5 CSS
Mongodb SQL
.Net

------Certifications------------
Angular 16,Node Js, Express, Bootstrap,
Mongodb,SQL,web hosting
Yew Technology 2023-07-05
Angular Developer
Python Developer
Introduction computer centre 2023-02-09
Python Developer
TCS(national qualiﬁcation Test)
TCS 2023-04-27
Percentage -61%

------Experience------------
Full Stack developer
Apr 2023 - Present
Developed the code in backend as well as in frontend using
technologies like Angular15+,.net(Only For API building),Nodejs,
bootstrap, express, mongodb,SQL

------Projects------------
Hospital Management System
Fullstack Developer Apr 2024 - Present
Created Landing page for the user where user booking the
appointment of various departments of doctors. Created one search
box for searching the doctor list[ show department list in a drop-
down].
Created one Admin routing page for the admin [ where admin
registration all doctors list and show the all patients name] then
created the one another routing page for doctor when doctor see all
appointment date and time with patient name.
beta.greenmobility.tech
Fullstack Developer Dec 2023 - Present
Working on live project of GreenLine Mobility.using Technologies
Angular 15,.net(Only For API building),SQL database
CURD operation
Full stack developer Apr 2023 - Jul 2023
CURD Operation (create, update, delete the user data and read the
user details).
Technologies used: Angular 15, bootstrap for designing the
webpage,nodejs for API, mongodb for database.
One to One real time chat application
Full stack developer Aug 2023 - Oct 2023
Created the real time live chat application I have shown in this
project (the online user name in the left side,searching box with
user name, sending message to the user, sending emoji,sending
image in png and jpg format and also show the time and date).
Technologies used: Angular Js15, bootstrap for designing the
webpage,nodejs, mongodb,socket.io for showing the online user
name and sending message without refreshing the page.

