------Other------------
Ajay
SUMMARY
I'm an optimistic and proactive Angular Developer with a passion
for delivering high-quality solutions. I have a strong foundation in
front-end development, coupled with a knack for problem-solving
and embracing new challenges with a positive attitude. With 5
years of experience, I'm committed to continuous learning and
adapting to emerging technologies.

------Experience------------
Angular Developer
Developing and maintaining Angular applications, ensuring high
performance, responsiveness, and usability.
Collaborating with a team to translate design mockups and
wireframes into functional Angular components.
Integrating backend APIs and services into Angular applications to
provide seamless functionality.
Implementing UI/UX designs and ensuring consistency across

------Projects------------
Debugging and fixing issues reported by QA or end-users, ensuring
smooth user experience.
Participating in code reviews, providing feedback, and suggesting
improvements to maintain code quality.
January 2019 - Present, Pune
Keeping up-to-date with the latest Angular trends, best practices,
and technologies to continuously improve development processes.
Assisting in the planning and estimation of project timelines and
tasks.
Finitee
January 2024 -May 2024
Improved job portal and chat with dynamic data and real-time
updates.
Built cross-platform mobile apps using Ionic and Angular.
Collaborated on API contracts for seamless communication.
Ensured frontend-backend integration for smooth functionality.
Heat Fleet
https://heatfleet.com/ • August 2023 - December 2023
Implementing UIs with Angular, ensuring responsiveness, and
integrating data APIs.
Creating reusable components, customizing for design and function.
Setting up seamless routing, implementing security measures.
Managing state with Angular services, integrating backend APIs,
handling form submissions.
Writing tests, debugging, collaborating, and ensuring
documentation and CI/CD processes.
Virus Geeks
https://virusgeeks.com/ • January 2023 - August 2023
Adding the New features and Functionalities
Fixing bugs
Fairy Trail
January 2022 - December 2022
Converting into Ionic 5 and Angular 12
PWA application
Daily deployment
Fork Fright
https://forkfreight.com/ • December 2020 - December 2021
Convert Angular JS pulse to Angular 12
Setting up single-page architecture
Adding new functionalities
Integrated third-party APIs to expand system capabilities
Ensured cross-browser and cross-device compatibility for the
application, optimizing the user experience across various platforms
and devices.
Lotto Social
https://app.lottosocial.com/ • January 2020 - November 2020
Backend development
Check Rolebar Tool and fixed it
Whole indication flow
Optimization of data application

------Skills------------
Languages
HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Typescript, Nodejs
Framework
Angular 17, Express, Ionic 5, Cloud function, Bootstrap, Node.js
Database
Firebase, PostgreSQL, MySQL, MongoDB
Web Services
Rest API, AWS, GCP
Stack Frontend IDE
Visual studio
Integration of Third-party API Google segment, one signal, GTM
Operating Systems Windows

